I will report on the election of the second-goal.
The election will be held separately from March 14th until today.
The first is the continuation of the Bill Machenko operation.
The second is the thorough destruction of the enemy's remaining forces.
The third is the construction of the armed forces in the area.
In any case, the aim of the first-goal will be to establish a solid state under the water,
and the aim of the first-goal will be to establish a solid state under the water.
First, I will report on the election of the second-goal.
The first-goal of the Bill Machenko operation is the first-goal of the Oogune-Yosu operation.
I will report on the first-goal of the operation.
The area of the building is about 600,000 square kilometers.
It is equivalent to about 90% of the total area of the Imperial Palace.
The road distance between the Rangoon and the Bill Machenko-based railway terminal is about 1,200 kilometers.
This is equivalent to the rail distance from Aomori to Soto.
In addition to the British, Indian and British soldiers,
We have also been able to participate in the armed forces butあと a little grandfather to us,